Update adds-extend-domain-content.md - Adjusted readablility (#4116)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/example-scenario/identity/adds-extend-domain-content.md

- [Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)](https://azure.microsoft.com/products/active-directory) is an enterprise identity service that provides single sign-on, multifactor authentication, and conditional access.
- [VPN Gateway](https://azure.microsoft.com/products/vpn-gateway) is a service that uses a virtual network gateway to send encrypted traffic between an Azure virtual network and on-premises locations over the public internet. 

> - [ExpressRoute](https://azure.microsoft.com/products/expressroute) enables you to extend your on-premises networks into the Microsoft Cloud over a private connection with the help of a connectivity provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ExpressRoute](https://azure.microsoft.com/products/expressroute) enables you to extend your on-premises networks into the Microsoft cloud over a private connection with the help of a connectivity provider.
```

This architecture is commonly used when a VPN or ExpressRoute connection connects the on-premises and Azure virtual networks. This architecture also supports bidirectional replication, meaning changes can be made either on-premises or in the cloud, and both sources will be kept consistent. Typical uses for this architecture include hybrid applications in which functionality is distributed between on-premises and Azure and applications and services that perform authentication using Active Directory.

## Recommendations

The following recommendations apply to most scenarios. Follow these recommendations unless you have a specific requirement that overrides them.

### VM recommendations

Determine your [VM size][vm-windows-sizes] requirements based on the expected volume of authentication requests. Use the specifications of the machines hosting AD DS on-premises as a starting point and match them with the Azure VM sizes. Once deployed, monitor utilization and scale up or down based on the actual load on the VMs. For more information about sizing AD DS domain controllers, see [Capacity Planning for Active Directory Domain Services][capacity-planning-for-adds].

> Create a separate virtual data disk for storing the database, logs, and sysvol folder for Active Directory. Don't store these items on the same disk as the operating system. By default, data disks are attached to a VM using write-through caching. However, this caching form can conflict with AD DS's requirements. For this reason, set the *Host Cache Preference* setting on the data disk to *None*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a separate virtual data disk for storing the database, logs, and sysvol folder for Active Directory. Don't store these items on the same disk as the operating system. By default, data disks are attached to a VM using write-through caching. However, this form of caching can conflict with the requirements of AD DS. For this reason, set the *Host Cache Preference* setting on the data disk to *None*.
```

The Active Directory subnet NSG requires rules to permit incoming traffic from on-premises and outgoing traffic to on-premises. For detailed information on the ports used by AD DS, see [Active Directory and Active Directory Domain Services Port Requirements][ad-ds-ports].

If the new domain controller VMs also have the role of DNS servers, we recommend that you configure them as custom DNS servers at the virtual network level, as explained in [Change DNS servers](/azure/virtual-network/manage-virtual-network#change-dns-servers). This should be done for the virtual network hosting the new domain controllers and peered networks where other VMs must resolve Active Directory domain names. For more information on configuring hybrid DNS name resolution, see [Name resolution for resources in Azure virtual networks](/azure/virtual-network/virtual-networks-name-resolution-for-vms-and-role-instances).

For initial configuration, you may need to adjust the Network Interface of one of your Domain Controllers in Azure, to point to a domain controller on-premises as the primary DNS source.

> The inclusion of its IP address in the list of DNS servers improves performance and increases the availability of DNS servers. However, if the DNS server is also a domain controller and points only to itself or points to itself first for name resolution, this can cause a delay during startup. For this reason, please be cautious when configuring the loopback address on an adapter if the server is also a domain controller. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The inclusion of its IP address in the list of DNS servers improves performance and increases the availability of DNS servers. However, a start-up delay can result if the DNS server is also a domain controller and points only to itself or points to itself first for name resolution. For this reason, be cautious when configuring the loopback address on an adapter if the server is also a domain controller. 
```
